extricate-ng 0.1.0
------------------

extricate-ng is a program which provides for the ripping of data
tracks from CDs, especially mixed-mode CDs with both audio and data
tracks.  In this regard, it is inspired by extricate, by Thomas Schumm
<phong@phong.org>

USAGE:

extricate-ng takes 0, 1, or 2 arguments, in the following order:

extricate-ng [DEVICE [PREFIX]]

where DEVICE is a name of the optical disc device to extract data
tracks from (e.g. "/dev/cd0" on FreeBSD) which will fall back on an
intelligent guess of the primary optical disc device, and PREFIX is a
prefix to be prepended to the extracted data tracks.  By default,
PREFIX is "disc".

When run, extricate-ng will create a set of data files with names of
the form prefixNN.iso and prefixNN.bin, where NN indicates the Nth
data track on the disc.  ISO files having 2048-byte sectors will be
created when a data track is a Mode 1 data track, or is a Mode 2 data
track only containing frames using Form 1 (2048 bytes).  In all other
cases (i.e. Mode 2 data tracks with at least one Form 2 frame), a BIN
file will be created with 2336-byte sectors.

BUILDING:

extricate-ng requires:

- cmake (>= 2.6) <http://www.cmake.org/>
- libcueify <http://github.com/pipian/libcueify/>

extricate-ng has been tested (and compiles) with the following configurations:

- FreeBSD

It likely requires little modification to work with Visual Studio directly.

The Makefile (for use with GNU Make) included provides some simple
targets to control building with cmake, including the targets you'd
expect ("all", "install"), simply creating the subdirectory "build" to
contain compiler output.  However, you may use cmake to generate the
build directory somewhere other than a subdirectory named "build".
Thus, simply invoking "make" will configure and compile extricate-ng.

NOTES:

Some calls in some OSs use SCSI pass-through logic, and as such, may
misbehave on older drives which don't support the SCSI commands used
(Specifically, READ TOC/PMA/ATIP with CD-Text support and READ CD with
subchannel read support).  Furthermore, I have not tested this code
with any IDE/ATAPI drives, so I am unsure whether these SCSI commands
will work correctly with them either.